Documenting Redis TLS and adjusting healthcheck. (#2097)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/optional-settings.md

---

## CACHEOPS_HEALTH_CHECK_ENABLED

Default: `False`

> A boolean that turns on/off health checks for the cacheops redis server.  Most deployments share a redis server with `django-redis` as such we only need to check the health of redis one time.  If you have deployed a separate redis deployment for cacheops, consider enabling this to monitor that redis deployment.  Keep in mind the more health checks enabled the longer the health checks will take and timeouts might need to be increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A boolean that turns on/off health checks for the Redis server connection utilized by Cacheops. Most deployments share a Redis server with `django-redis` as such we only need to check the health of Redis one time.  If you are utilizigin a separate Redis deployment for Cacheops, please consider enabling this to monitor that Redis deployment.  Keep in mind the more health checks enabled the longer the health checks will take and timeouts might need to be increased.
```
